Hello! Thank you for viewing my portfolio. Building the thing was quite the challenge. While I did have a high fidelity prototype to base it off, there were many changes that I had to make along the way in order to achieve that final design. 
Some of the most noticeable changes are on the portfolio page. Because I was building the actual website, I decided to include more external links to some of my work, rather than screen shots. I believe that this gives it a more harmonious design, with less wasted space and fewer large screenshots. The other notable changes on the portfolio page are the additional sections. Now that I have finished my second semester in my IMD (Interactive Media Design) program, I have a lot more work to display, so I added the Videography and CMS sections.
I also decided to change a lot of the layout choices to have the information flow better. I only used lorem ipsum as filler text in my mockup, so once I added in my own text, I realized that a lot of changes needed to be made to improve the structure of the pages.
Another big difference between the mockup and the final product is the contact page. Let's be honest, the contact page in the mockup needed a lot of work. So I decided to make things a little more simple, with just the form with a background image. I'm still not 100% on it, as I could see that it might be a little hard to read the titles for the fields. Oh well, there's always room to improve. 
One of the things that I struggled with most in this process has been layout. I tried making my life easy with better HTML practices, but there were still a couple of elements that elluded me for a while. The landing page was a tricky one because of its completely different layout at the different breakpoints. Eventually I found the way to do it. It was just a matter of gridding the right elements, and it eventually decided to cooperate.
I learned quite a bit while building this site. I learned how to embed a YouTube video (pretty cool that I have my own YouTube videos now!) and how to fix the original code for an iframe. I also learned to make better HTML so that I have to do less CSS later. For instance, on my portfolio page, I knew that some elements had to be the full width of the screen, and some needed margin. By giving the banners a second class, and all the portfolio sections their own class, I was able to accomplish this much more easily. To put things in perspective, my midterm assignment (which can be seen on my portfolio page) had over double the lines of code, with the same amount of content. 
Finally, I just wanted to give a list of resources that were not my own that I used in creating this site. While all the images and content was my own, I did borrow the icons for the different sections on my portfolio page and the back to top arrow from https://www.flaticon.com/.
Additionally, I utilized some Bootstrap on my site. I used it for the navigation bar and the contact form. I just find that it's easier to use their prebuilt nav bars and forms than creating my own. Not that I don't know how to do so!
Thank you so much for viewing my portfolio.
Take Care! 
Noam Stulberg